add contract management docs (#59)
calimero-is-near/docs: docs/getting_started/contract_manage.md

> ---

Author: the slug has been changed

title: Contract management
sidebar_position: 12
---

Contract management is a crucial feature that allows users to effectively interact with installed and deployed contracts. This feature enables users to upload their own `.wasm` and `ABI` files to the Console and deploy them to the blockchain.

When you navigate to the Contract Management Page, you will be presented with two tabs: **Installed Contracts** and **Deployed Contracts**.

> ![](../../static/img/contract_management.png)

Reviewer: Contract names should be something general, and not "fran"

> ## Installed Contract

Reviewer: The page is called Installed Contracts, not Installed Contract

> Installed contract page shows the list of installed contracts for your specific shard. Installing the contract means putting the contract in the Installed state, meaning uploading the contract files to GCS and making the contract available for deployment from the Calimero Console. To install your contract:

Reviewer: Same As above

> Installed contract page shows the list of installed contracts for your specific shard. Installing the contract means putting the contract in the Installed state, meaning uploading the contract files to GCS and making the contract available for deployment from the Calimero Console. To install your contract:

Reviewer: shows the list of all the installed contracts in that specific shard.

Reviewer: Installing the contract means uploading and saving contract files to the database and making them available for deployment from the Calimero console.

> On the Installed Contracts page, you can view a list of contracts that have been installed on your specific shard. Installing a contract involves uploading the contract files to GCS(Google Cloud Storage) and making them available for deployment from the Calimero Console. To install your contract, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the Installed Contracts page, you can view a list of contracts that have been installed on your specific shard. Installing a contract involves uploading and saving the contract files to database and making them available for deployment from the Calimero Console. 
To install your contract, follow these steps:
```
The users don't need to know about GCloud and what we use

> - Clicking on the **Install contract** button, which will prompt you to upload your contract files.

Reviewer: Click on the

remove the . at the end

Reviewer: The button is called Install new contract

Author: why are we removing the .dot

> - Provide a unique contract name, which will be displayed in the list of deployable contracts and used for storage purposes.

Reviewer: Provide a unique contract name (the contract name will be displayed in the list of deployable contracts)

> - Upload your binary file (.wasm)

Reviewer: inline code .wasm

> Installed contract page shows the list of installed contracts for your specific shard. Installing the contract means putting the contract in the Installed state, meaning uploading the contract files to GCS and making the contract available for deployment from the Calimero Console. To install your contract:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Installed contracts tab displays list of installed contracts for selected shard. Installing the contract means putting the contract in the installed state, meaning uploading the contract files to GCS and making the contract available for deployment from the Calimero Console. To install your contract:
```
This seems like duplicated for no reason from previous paragraph @emojapaula

> - Upload the ABI file. If you upload an ABI file, a preview block will display the contents of the ABI file.

Reviewer: Upload the .json ABI file (you will see a block displaying the content of the file)

inline .json

> - Click on the **Install new contract**.

Reviewer: Click on the **Install new contract** button

![](../../static/img/install_contract.png)

> ## Deployed Contract

Reviewer: The page is called Deployed Contracts

> ![](../../static/img/deployed_contract-page.png)

Reviewer: Contract names should be something general

> - (Optional, but recommended) Upload the ABI file. If you upload an ABI file, a preview block will display the contents of the ABI file.

Reviewer 2: Not optional, you can't install new contract without the ABI

> On the Deployed Contracts tab, you can see a list of contracts that have been deployed on selected shard. Once a contract is installed, it can be deployed to blockchain from the deploy contract page. 

Reviewer: Deployed contracts page shows the list of deployed contracts for your specific shard. Installed contracts can be deployed to the blockchain.

Author: i was asked to use tab and page

> To deploy your contract on the blockchain, follow these steps:

Reviewer: To deploy your contract:

> - Select the installed contract that you want to deploy.

Reviewer: Select the contract you want to deploy

> - Add your contract ID.

Reviewer: remove the dot

> - Click on **Create account and deploy contract** button

Reviewer: Click on the

> ![](../../static/img/deployed-contract.png)

Reviewer: Use generic names

> On the Deployed Contracts page, you can see a list of contracts that have been deployed on your specific shard. Once a contract is installed, it can be deployed to the Deploy page. To deploy your contract on the blockchain, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the Deployed Contracts tab, you can see a list of contracts that have been deployed on selected shard. Once a contract is installed, it can be deployed to blockchain from the deploy contract page. 
To deploy your contract on the blockchain, follow these steps:
```

> This action also creates a subaccount, which can be viewed under [custodial accounts](/docs/getting_started/custodial.md), and deployes the smart contract wasm to it.

Reviewer: This action will create a subaccount[custodial accounts](/docs/getting_started/custodial.md) and deploy the smart contract .wasm to it.

Inline .wasm

@frdomovic can you please consult on this

Reviewer 2: This action will create a new account (which will be a subaccount of shard master account) and this account will be used for smart contract deployment. 
-something like this i guess?

## Interacting with the contract

> After a contract is deployed, it will be listed on the Deploy Contracts page. To interact with the contract, follow these steps:

Reviewer: Is the page Deploy Contracts or Deployed Contracts

Reviewer: To interact with your contract:

- Select the contract with which you want to interact. This will open a page displaying a drop-down selector.

> 

Reviewer: Select the contract you want to interact with

> This action also creates a subaccount, which can be viewed under [custodial accounts](/docs/getting_started/custodial.md), and adds the binary file to the subaccount.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action also creates a subaccount, which can be viewed under [custodial accounts](/docs/getting_started/custodial.md), and deployes the smart contract wasm to it.
```

![](../../static/img/interact-contract.png)

> - Choose the desired call method from the drop-down list.

Reviewer: Choose the desired call method from the drop-down

> - Provide the method parameters/arguments.

Reviewer: remove the dot

> - Select the contract name (subaccount name)

Reviewer: Is this entering a new name or choosing from a list? needs to be clearer

> - (Optional) Specify the Gas fee and deposit. The default and minimum value for the deposit is 1 Ⓣ token.

Reviewer: Specify the Gas fee and deposit (The default and value for the deposit is 1 Ⓣ token)

Reviewer: I don't like the formating on optional, let's try something else for this use case when we have an optional step and stick to it everywhere

Author: suggest what you want instead

> - Click on **Send transaction**

Reviewer: Click on the **Send transaction** button

![](../../static/img/filled-contract.png)

> The result of your method call will be displayed on the right-hand side. You can also view the transaction details in the [Explorer](https://app.calimero.network/explorer/dashboard).

Reviewer: The result of your method call will be displayed and you can see transaction details in the [Explorer](https://app.calimero.network/explorer/dashboard).

Reviewer: is it transaction's details maybe idk
